It's #9 fake news prompts gunman's raid.
And what started out as a conspiracy theory motivated a man to bring a gun to a pizza shop. This one right there in Washington. Police say the gunman apparently believed a fake news story online, and the bogus story falsely claimed that the pizza shop was a site of a child sex ring run by Hillary Clinton and her come.

News #10 Source of space radio waves found.
Astronomers have located the source of a mysterious signal from space. Intense blasts of radio waves lasting just milliseconds were first noticed in 2007. Now these fast radio bursts are so powerful that scientists first thought they must be coming from close to home, somewhere within the Milky Way. 
But, Now an international team of astronomers Has pinpointed the location of one of the bursts. It's from a tiny Galaxy 3 billion light years away in the constellation of Oregon.

News #11 Bob Dylan awarded Nobel Prize.
Sing a songwriter Bob Dylan has been awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature for quote, creating new poetic expressions within the Great American song tradition. Dylan, whose decades long career greatly influenced popular music, is famous for songs like Blowing in the Wind and The Times. They are changing his songs Often touched on politics and religion and are considered social commentary.

News #13 China unveils new stealth fighters.
China's new J20 stealth fighters made their public debut of the country's biannual air show just a few hours ago. Take a look at these new sleek fighter jets are meant to rival US stealth fighters, which will soon be deployed in the Pacific by the US and Japan.
Now, the Chinese Air Force spokesman said the fighters were designed to boost China's Air Force power in the Pacific, since it's an area, of course.

News #15 boobs and feminism.
A revealing Vanity Fair cover photo of Emma Watson has sparked debate on social media about her stance on feminism. Critics were quick to accuse her of being a hypocrite, saying Watson complaints that women are sexualized and then sexualizes herself in her own work. Watson said she was surprised by the misunderstanding that exists around what feminism.
Feminism is about giving women choice. Feminism is not a stick with which to beat other women with. It's about it's about freedom. It's about liberation. It's not it's about equality.

News #16 Boys start speaking Spanish after coma.
An extraordinary story here. A Georgia teen wakes up from a coma, unable to speak his native language. Reuben in Samoa suffered a severe concussion while playing soccer last month. Now, his parents say when the teenager awoke, he only spoke Spanish.
A language he's never been able to speak fluently before. Ruben soccer coach says he will now wear a helmet once he's able to return.
To the game. Incredible.

News #18 Women prefer dad bod.
It's called the dad bod. When middle age arrives and the only six pack is in the fridge. If your body is a temple, it would be Pizza Hut. It's caused by lower levels of testosterone resulting in more fat, less muscle. But here's the good news. Apparently pudgy, chubby older guys with man boobs and a spare tire around the waist.
Are more attractive to women and less likely to suffer heart attacks and prostate cancer. And yes, the person behind this groundbreaking.
Research is a man.

News #17 UN addresses super bug threat.
A lot of things on this planet can threaten your health, but this week, 193 countries of the United Nations General Assembly agreed to tackle one major threat, drug resistant bacteria, also known as superbugs. Now these images from Harvard show how the bacteria mutate and spread and grow even stronger when.
With antibiotics, if nothing is done, experts say superbugs are likely to kill 10 million people per year by 2050.

News #19 Thousands dead in Philippine crackdown.
President Rodrigo Deter his war on drugs has led to a deadly crackdown in the Philippines. The country's national police says nearly 6000 people have been killed since July First, since over 2000 of those deaths happened during police operations, more than 3000 were extrajudicial or vigilantes are killings. Philippine Vice President Lenny Roberto, a former human rights lawyer, has been opening critical.
The presents were on drugs. She is resigning her Cabinet post as housing secretary or remaining as vice president.

News #20 Firm replaces 34 workers with AI
It's been the staff of dystopian novels and films for decades. Machines built with increasing sophistication could eventually replace people in the workforce. It's already happening for one company in Japan. The reality is here, Fukoco Mutual Life Insurance is laying off 34 employees and replacing them with artificial.
Intelligence from a platform of IBM's Watson, The firm predicts a productivity will increase by 30%.

News #1 Global wildlife down 60%.
A new report from the World Wildlife Fund has found that our planet has lost almost 60% of its wildlife in less than half a century. Scientists say the rapid extinction is caused by the loss of habitat that comes from pollution, the exploitation of resources as well as climate change. The report highlights a number of species, elephants, for example, whose numbers have dropped by 5th in just ten years. As for sharks and rays, 1/3 are threatened by overfishing.

News #2 store with no checkout counters.
Now imagine a grocery store with no checkout lines. It's the unique selling point of Amazon's new bricks and mortar shop. Yep, I said bricks and mortar. Customers simply clock in at the door with a smartphone app, and when you're finished shopping, yeah, you just walk out. And guess what? You don't get prosecuted for shoplifting technology keeps track of everything you pick up.

News #3 Natural mushroom cloud causes alarm.
It might look like a sign of nuclear warfare. How would you feel if you saw this big mushroom cloud hanging over your neighborhood? Well, this one appeared in Western Siberia, and according to Russian media, a number of panicky people called emergency services fearing a nuclear attack. I don't blame them. Turns out this formation happens when a thunderstorm.
Causes clouds to be blown sideways.

News #4 Impact of air pollution on children.
Now air pollution is a serious global health concern. UNICEF says around 600,000 children under the age of five die every year from pollution related illnesses and also warns that pollutants can permanently damage children's brain development. Around 2 billion children live in places where pollution levels exceed WHO guidelines.
And most of the pollution comes from burning fossil fuel and vehicle emissions. But dangers also lie at home. Around 1 billion children live in homes that use wood and coal for cooking and heating.

News #5 Trump win boosts contraceptives demand.
Donald Trump's election has raised women's concerns on many issues, including birth control. A major Women's Health care provider, Planned Parenthood, says since Election Day it has seen a huge increase in requests for long acting contraceptives such as IU DS. Obamacare covers contraceptives without a Co payment and many fear conservatives may try to eliminate that along with Planned Parenthood's.
Federal funding.

News #6 LinkedIn holds workplace parents day.
Parents across the globe are checking up on their kids at the office right now as part of Linkedin's Bring Your Parents Day. Here you can see pictures from social media showing how the visits are turning out. In a generation where more and more jobs are becoming less traditional and more flexible, LinkedIn says one in three parents cannot.
Describe their kids job.

News #7 Nihonium added to periodic table.
Four new elements have been added to the periodic table, and as you can see, it now fills the table all the way down to the 7th row. But the standout is the one in red right here with the little circle around it. Nihonium. Named after Nihon or Japan, it is the first element discovered by an Asian researcher.
It was found by physics professor Koski Morita and his team, and they're now hoping to discover even more elements and build up the Asian representation.
On the periodic table.

News #8 World rankings in kids science skills.
Asia is producing some of the world's brightest students. Every four years, 10 and 14 year olds from around the world get ranked in an international math and science study. And Singapore crushes the competition in every category. For instance, among 10 year olds in science, Singapore comes in number one. That's followed by South Korea.
Japan in 3rd and then Russia.
Hong Kong comes in fifth. Finland is actually the only Europe.

News #12 Stolen Van Gogh paintings found.
One of the biggest art crimes in recent years has now been solved. Please now have their hands on two stolen paintings by Vincent van Gogh. Crooks actually nabbed them from the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam back in 2002 in a hugely publicized heist. Officials found the paintings while raiding a group linked to the Italian mafia.
The paintings date back to the late 1880s. The museum says that they have great historical significance.
Beyond just that price tag of roughly $30 million.

News #14 Water report on Russian doping scheme.
The World Anti Doping Agency has just released its final report into Russian doping in sport at a news conference in London. The extraordinary report found more than 1000 Russian athletes across more than 30 sports were involved in a massive doping conspiracy across summer, winter and Paralympic Games. And crucially, it was centrally.