track1
Excuse me, Professor Thompson, I know your office hours are tomorrow, but I was wondering if you had a few minutes free now to discuss something. Sure, John, what did you want to talk about? Well, I have some quick questions about how to write up the research project I did this semester about climate variations. Oh, yes, you were looking at variations in climate in the Grand City area, right?
How far along have you gotten?
I've got all my data, so I'm starting to summarize it now, preparing graphs and stuff, but I'm just, I'm looking at it and I'm afraid that it's not enough. But I'm not sure what else to put in the report. I hear the same thing from every student. You know, you have to remember now that you're the expert on what you've done. So think about what you need to include if you were going to explain your research project to someone with general.
Casual knowledge about the subject like your parents? That's usually my rule of thumb. Would my parents understand this? OK, I get it. I hope you can recognize by my saying that how much you do know about the subject. Right, I understand. I was wondering if I should also include the notes from the research journal you suggest that I keep. Yes, definitely.
You should use them to indicate what your evolution and thought was through time.
So just set up what was the purpose of what you were doing to try to understand the climate variability of this area and what you did and what your approach was. OK. So for example, I studied meteorological records, I looked at climate charts, I used different methods for analyzing the data, like certain statistical tests, and then I discussed the results.
Yes, that's right, you should include all of that. The statistical tests are especially important. And also be sure you include a good reference section where all your published and unpublished data came from 'cause you have a lot of unpublished climate data.
Something just came into my mind and went out the other side. That happens to me a lot, so I've come up with a pretty good memory management tool. I carry a little pad with me all the time.
And jot down questions or ideas that I don't wanna forget. For example, I went to the doctor with my daughter and her baby son last week and we knew we wouldn't remember everything we wanted to ask the doctors, so we actually made a list of five things.
We wanted answers to a notepad is a good idea since I'm so busy now at the end of the semester. I'm getting pretty forgetful these days. OK, I just remembered what I was trying to say before. Good. I was hoping you'd come up with it. Yes, it ends up that I have data on more than just the immediate Grant City area, so I also included some regional data in the report.
With everything else, it should be a pretty good indicator of the climate in this part of the state.
Sounds good, I'd be happy to look over a draft version before you handed the final copy if you wish. Great, I'll plan to get you a draft of the paper by next Friday. Thanks very much.


track3
Listen to part of a lecture in a philosophy class.
OK, another ancient Greek philosopher we need to discuss is Aristotle, Aristotle's ethical theory. What Aristotle's ethical theory is all about is this. He's trying to show you how to be happy, what true happiness is. Now why is he interested in human happiness?
It's more than that, but to get there, we need to first make a very important distinction. Let me introduce a couple of technical terms, extrinsic value and intrinsic value.
To understand Aristotle's interest in happiness, you need to understand this distinction.
Some things we aim for and value not for themselves, but for what they bring about in addition to themselves. If I value something as a means to something else, then it has what we will call extrinsic value. Other things we desire and hold to be valuable for themselves alone.
If we value something not as a means to something else, but for its own sake, let us say that it has intrinsic value.
Exercise. There may be some people who value exercise for itself, but I don't. I value exercise because if I exercise, I tend to stay healthier than I would if I didn't. So I desire to engage in exercise.
And I value exercise extrinsically, not for its own sake, but as a means to something beyond. It brings me good health. Health. Why do I value good health? Well, here it gets a little more complicated for me.
Health is important for me because I can't do other things I want to do. Play music, teach philosophy if I'm ill.
So health is important to me, has value to me as a means to a productive life, but health is also important to me because I just kind of like to be healthy. It feels good.
It's pleasant to be healthy, unpleasant not to be. So to some degree I value health both for itself and as a means to something else. Productivity. It's got extrinsic and intrinsic value for me. Then there's some things that are just valued for themselves.
I'm a musician, not a professional musician. I just play a musical instrument for fun. Why do I value playing music?
Like most amateur musicians, I only play because I just enjoy it. It's something that's an end in itself. Now, something else I value is teaching. Why? Well, it brings in a modest income, but I could make more money doing other things.
I do it even if they didn't pay me. I just enjoy teaching in that sense.
It's an end to itself. But teaching's not something that has intrinsic value for all people. And that's true generally. Most things that are enjoyed in and of themselves vary from person to person. Some people value teaching intrinsically, but others don't. So how does all this relate to human happiness?
Aristotle asks, Is there something that all human beings value?
And value only intrinsically for its own sake, and only for its own sake. If you could find such a thing, that would be the universal final good, or truly the ultimate purpose or goal for all human beings. Aristotle thought the answer was yes. What is it? Happiness.
Everyone will agree, he argues, that happiness is the ultimate end.
To be valued for itself and really only for itself? For what other purpose is there in being happy? What does it yield? The attainment of happiness becomes the ultimate or highest good for Aristotle. The next question that Aristotle raises is what is happiness?
We all want it, we all desire it, we all seek it.
It's the goal we have in life, but what is it? How do we find it here? He notes with
We all want it, we all desire it, we all seek it. It's the goal we have in life. But what is it? How do we find it here? He notes with some frustration. People disagree, but he does give us a couple of criteria or features to keep in mind as we look for what true human happiness is.
True human happiness should be, as he puts it, complete. Complete in that it's all we require. Well, true human happiness, if you had that, what else do you need?
Nothing. And second, true happiness should be something that I can obtain on my own. I shouldn't have to rely on other people for it. Many people value fame and seek fame. Fame for them becomes the goal. But according to Aristotle, this won't work either, because fame depends altogether too much on other people.
I can't get it on my own.
Without help from other people. In the end, Aristotle says that true happiness is the exercise of reason, a life of intellectual contemplation, of thinking. So let's see how he comes to that.

track5
Listen to part of a psychology lecture. The professor is discussing behaviorism.
Now, many people considered John Watson to be the founder of behaviorism, and like other behaviorists, he believed that psychologists should study only the behaviors they can observe and measure. They're not interested in mental processes. While a person could describe his thoughts, no one else can see or hear them to verify the.
Accuracy of his report, but one thing you can observe is muscular habits.
What one kind of habit that he studied are laryngeal habits?
Watson thought laryngeal habits, you know, from larynx and in other words, related to the voice box, he thought those habits were an expression of thinking. He argued that for very young children, thinking is really talking out loud to oneself because they talk out loud even if they're not trying to communicate with someone in particular.
As the individual matures.
That overt talking to oneself becomes covert talking to oneself, but thinking still shows up as a laryngeal habit.
One of the bits of evidence that supports this is that when people are trying to solve a problem, they typically have increased muscular activity in the throat region. That is, if you put electrodes on the throat and measure muscle potential, muscle activity.
You discover that when people are thinking like if they're diligently trying to solve a problem.
That there is muscular activity in the throat region. So Watson made the argument that problem solving or thinking can be defined as a set of behaviors, a set of responses, and in this case the response he observed was the throat activity.
That's what he means when he calls it a laryngeal habit. Now, as I am thinking about what I'm going to be saying, my muscles in my throat are responding.
So thinking can be measured as muscle activity.
Now, the motor theory. Yes, Professor Blake, did he happen to look at people who sign? I mean deaf people? He did indeed.
And to jump ahead but what one finds in death, individuals who use sign language, when they're given problems of various kinds, they have muscular changes in their hands.
When they're trying to solve a problem, muscle changes in the hand, just like the muscular changes going on in the throat region for speaking individuals. So for Watson, thinking is identical with the activity of muscles.
Related concept of thinking was developed by William James. It's called idiomotor action.
Motor action is an activity that occurs without our noticing it, without our being aware of it. I'll give you one simple example. If you think of locations, there tends to be eye movement that occurs with your thinking about that location in particular from where we're sitting. Imagine that you're asked to think of our university library.
If you close your eyes and think of the library and if you're sitting directly facing me.
Then, according to this notion, your eyeballs will move slightly to the left, to your left, because the libraries in that general direction. James and others said that this is an idea leading to a motor action, and that's why it's called idiomotor action.
An idea leads to motor activity if you wish to impress your friends and relatives.
You can change this simple process
General direction. James and others said that this is an idea leading to a motor action, and that's why it's called video motor action.
An idea leads to motor activity. If you wish to impress your friends and relatives, you can change this simple process into a magic trick.
Ask people to do something such as I've just described. Think of something on their left, think of something on their right. You get them to think about two things on either side with their eyes closed, and you watch their eyes very carefully. And if you do that, you'll discover that you can see rather clearly the eye movement. That is, you can see the movement of the.
Then you say think of either one and I'll tell you what you're thinking of, OK?
Watson makes the assumption that muscular activity is equivalent to thinking, but given everything we've been talking about here, one has to ask.
Are there alternatives to this motor theory, this claim that muscular activities are equivalent to thinking? Is there anything else that might account for this change in muscular activity other than saying that it is thinking and the answer is clearly yes, Is there any way to answer the question definitively?
I think the answer is no.





