You want, so Scott will deal with a couple of the finance slides and as most of what we have to talk to you about is in the realms of finance useful to have them here. Perhaps not quite the presentation I had intended to present a month ago, but as we know a lot has changed and a massive amount has changed for rail in the last three or four weeks. So the presentation is primarily and if we can say move to the next slide.
Is primarily around the COVID-19 response for Rao. But I thought and there's about eight or nine slides to key slides to take you through. And I think what you'll see is how we've dealt with the crisis, what the implications have been for the group now and for the next 15 months.
And a summary that shed some positive light at the end of the tunnel.
Thanks Sam. If we move on. So I guess the first point I think is useful to you've obviously received our six month interim results. Some say you're only as good as your last results, but sadly that's not the not quite the case today. But look we were travelling extremely well, very, very good first six months and in fact on target for a record.
Financial performance under any measure.
Of our Soi for this financial year, but of course, and that led to our draft. So why that you've also received and that of course is now pretty much irrelevant. And I see that you ironically have an appendix letter to my chair, Barry Harris about OSI. And as you can imagine, we are working very quickly towards a revised Soi for the next three years.
Particularly the financials, but also there'll be some narrative change and some priority changing as well.
We have as I say completed a very detailed 15 month forecast through the 30 June next year that will form of course now part of the year one of the Soi. So look we have a presentation, the rail board and myself has have a presentation to all shareholding councils in May and we by that stage.
We'll have finalized the new drafts.
Moving, sorry, moving on to the next slide.
So I think now just looking at the impact and look very difficult to, well it's very easy to explain in simple terms, it's had a massive impact on the business. But if I divide it into these four areas that are before you of course the 1st is the aeronautical business in New Zealand complete as suspension flights.
So for us that was an immediate loss of income really from April, but from the last week of March.
And along with our general aviation L3 Harris, the flight school basically 9798% loss of our aeronautical income overnight terminal close and we really operating as an emergency medical service only at the airport.
Had the same impact on our property, but in fact our property is our lifeline that I will come to.
But again, really overnight impact on our tenancies, we're quite a large landlord as and but to date and Scott will talk a little bit about this, but today we've had good support from our tenants, but we're early days as we know into the next sort of three to six months as businesses work through how they're going to operate and survive during this process.
We've obviously suspended the terminal upgrade work and I'll talk to that a bit further on.
Which of course, was a major piece of work, approximately $15 million of proposed work a hotel has been. Sorry if we can just go back to the previous slide, Sam, the hotel.
Impacted significantly as well. Fortunately during April we have it was.
Taken over by Ministry of Health as a isolation facility, it wasn't required. It was a backup to the Auckland.
Hotels, nonetheless we have received and we are receiving payment for the use of the hotel by the government, but that ends really this week. And from then on a difficult times ahead and we'll talk about that. And obviously our people, all my team are working remotely. That's working very, very well. My sort of 11 or 12 on our immediate COVID team response.
But of course, the cafe and store staff.
Are at home, unable to work and part of the government subsidy. A rescue fire team does remain on site at this point. So that's really been the impact. What have we really tried to do about it? If we could move to the next slide.
Phone unable to work and part of the government subsidy. Our rescue fire team does remain on site at this point.
So that's really been the impact. What have we really tried to do about it, if we could move to the next slide?
First of all, we very quickly leading into.
Probably 2 weeks before we moved into Level 2 and Level 3, before we even knew what that meant. We had worked very closely with the board around a pandemic plan, how we would operate the business and more importantly, started to look at some scenario and modelling at that point.
That as Jason would have mentioned earlier on, as borders such as China were closing to tourism, we also saw the writing on the ward on the wall for our own business. So that plan was developed and approved by the board before we even went into lockdown. We've completed significant cost reductions in the business that's right across the business. So that's major cost reductions in our expense.
Reductions pretty much across our business in terms of payroll, anything up to a 20% reduction and the Board have also taken a reduction in the director fees. We applied for and received the government wage subsidy across the group and with the hotel we work through and are still working through with Jet Park.
But they've gone through a full restructuring exercise. Number of people have been made redundant, a number have been retained under the government subsidy.
But we have a meeting later this week with Jet Park to look at stage 2 airport association that we're part of is doing a major piece of work with central government to try and see what our support of any there are for airport companies that have been significantly hooked. As you know we are long term infrastructure owners and that requires significant.
Capital to maintain the assets. So there's a piece of work going on in that space.
Already covered the people, we can move to the next slide.
The scenario modelling that I talk about there, I think the point that I will that I'll make here and come back to at the end is that.
Most airport companies, particularly regional airport companies are significantly hit and hit now. We are fortunate that we made the decision five or six years ago that the board then under under the leadership of John Spencer and then implemented





